Alankar Singh:  The first step in the project was to determine the data which we could use in our project. Since this was an important step, we decided that we will each look for suitable datasets. Alankar Singh was searching for datasets which were available on the Google Public Library. Since there were a large number of dataset, it took considerable time. Alankar came up with Facebook Dataset. Following this, Alankar was thinking about the strategies which we could apply on a dataset. Alankar helped in drafting the project proposal. Once the dataset was finalized, Alankar was searching for techniques through which we can perform cleaning. Alankar performed binning on the dataset to further enable categorization of the dataset. Later, he was increasing his knowledge about Support Vector Machines and how it could be implemented in our project. Finally, when the project was towards its ending phase, Alankar was working on the Poster based on the guidelines posted by Professor.

Paridhi Srivastava: Just like Alankar, Paridhi was also going through the UCI KDD Datasets and KDNuggets in lieu of finding suitable datasets. Paridhi came up with the Yelp dataset. Further, she was deciding on the techniques which we could apply to the dataset. Once we finalized that we will be using Crime dataset found by Prajesh, Paridhi was looking at the cleaning techniques and how it should be applied in the dataset. Once cleaning was performed by Prajesh, Paridhi was searching about random Forests and how we could implement it in our project. Paridhi has previous experience with R and hence she helped Alankar and Prajesh learn R. Also, Paridhi did classification on the dataset and helped Prajesh in visualization. Also, she worked on the Final Project report with assistance from Alankar and Prajesh

Prajesh Jhumkhawala: As decided by the entire team, each one was looking for potential datasets. Prajesh was looking at UCI Machine Learning Dataset along with other websites through which dataset could be obtained. Prajesh, found the Denver Crime Dataset which Alankar and Paridhi found interesting and hence we decided to use that dataset. Furthermore, like Alankar and Paridhi, he was also looking for techniques for performing cleaning. Later, Prajesh performed cleaning on the dataset. This was then used by Alankar to perform Binning. He also created the ER diagram for the dataset, with the help of Alankar and Paridhi. Prajesh was searching about Bayesian classification to see how we could use it in our project. While the project was coming towards its end, Prajesh was working with visualizations along with Paridhi

